Creates scenarios for DNSSEC01 (#1413)
dotse/zonemaster: test-zone-data/DNSSEC-TP/dnssec01/README.md

[This directory](.), i.e. the same directory as this README file, holds zone
files and configuration files to implement the test zones for the scenarios
defined in [DNSSEC05 test scenario specification].

For these test zones the following files are found in [This directory](.):
* Zone files for `dnssec05.xa` and other related zones.
* CoreDNS configuration file
* Zone file and hint file for local root zone.
* Output from `zonemaster-cli` on all test scenarios in
  [test-zones-output.md](test-zones-output.md).

> [DNSSEC05 test scenario specification]:     ../../../docs/public/specifications/test-zones/DNSSEC-TP/dnssec05.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined in [DNSSEC01 test scenario specification].

For these test zones the following files are found in [This directory](.):
* Zone files for `dnssec01.xa` and other related zones.
* CoreDNS configuration file
* Zone file and hint file for local root zone.
* Output from `zonemaster-cli` on all test scenarios in
  [test-zones-output.md](test-zones-output.md).

[DNSSEC01 test scenario specification]:     ../../../docs/public/specifications/test-zones/DNSSEC-TP/dnssec01.md
```
